what do you think you're doing it's
still spirit week and today is Wednesday
and today is wearing green I'm wearing
my green shirt and mommy's bearings my
hair with this dye
I don't know Oh Chuck hey Chuck and why
is it wear green it's green today
because we're having green even here in
the morning
so great for yeah yeah what's this week
all about are we going no you have
baseball practice
oh yeah all right so all your green
stuff my hair my shoes
mm yeah so that's actually ten stuff oh
and Bryce where's your green my pants in
my shoes my backpack is nine lunchbox
guys all right go eat some green eggs
what up what up
it's Wednesday we're home from school
from work kids are doing their homework
and I am preparing for a little video
shoot we got to do a couple of things I
can't really I guess I can't talk about
it but there's no reason to talk about
him cuz you guys are never gonna see him
we're doing some I'm applying for a
branding deal thingamabob it's kind of
hard to explain but anyways uh yeah I
have to shoot to like kind of pseudo
commercial spots
it's kind of like the application
process and then hopefully if if we get
accepted then you guys will start seeing
some different things from us some
different videos that sort of thing I've
been kind of procrastinating and putting
it off doing it because it's just not
something that I want to do to be honest
with you there's a whole lot of other
things I want to do video games TV shows
movies YouTube videos I haven't watched
YouTube videos in almost a week killing
me killing me
Bryce you said that basketball season is
almost over you got like one more game
with you Saturday is your last game but
then what starts tomorrow
baseball get back to baseball huh yeah
probably not a good idea so yeah he's
not super excited for baseball this
might be his last season I told him this
will be the defining season whether or
not we continue to in baseball because
he doesn't get as excited about baseball
as he does basketball or football like
he's already looking forward to football
on my gift football's not for another
like three seasons due to seasons so I'm
like that's baseball then basketball
over the summer and then football and so
he's looking forward basketball
typically don't want to do sports of the
summer because we're so busy with
traveling and camping and all kinds of
stuff that's like swarf doing summers
worth it but you love his basketball
enough we probably will too ended up not
doing the promo spots after all kids
really wanna go out and play and I
forgot it's a new clan wars and Call of
Duty ghosts and my clan actually wants
to participate this time so I was kind
of blown away it was like oh geez
I should really jump in on that besides
next week is the kids spring break and
I'm off for most of the week so we have
plenty of time to shoot the promos and
do other fun things
Tiffany marinated some chicken up for us
today so we've got those on the grill
and some broccoli and roasted corn in
the microwave so what'd you think of
mommy's chicken she should pick a good
marinade we'll have to ask for what she
picked it tastes a little Italian right
it tastes Italian to you
yeah yeah like an Italian base to it
roasted corn looks a lot better than it
tastes
I had high hopes for this this green
giant roasted sweet corn and peppers
head like poblano peppers and red bell
peppers and onions looks phenomenal it's
roasted everything wasn't as tasty as I
was hoping it would be stopped playing
ghosts for the last hour that MUP
watched some YouTube videos try and play
catch up a little bit
today's shake Carl's birthday I don't
know how old he is but today I think
today is his five year vlog anniversary
daily vlogging more or less every day
for five years and he did like a for our
live chat with Charles and Ally and the
kids and so I'm watching tidbits of that
it's good stuff good stuff well as usual
laying down in bed with iPad watching
YouTube videos makes me very tired and
sleepy which is I guess perfect cuz it's
about bedtime so we're gonna call it a
night you enjoyed the video be sure to
give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
tomorrow whatup clan hope you enjoyed
the video want to give a couple shout
outs to Angela DeFazio and Kyle fate or
that never though they were the two that
were up this morning with me on Twitter
I was tweeting a little bit and they
were they were up and responding so good
morning guys
and nice to see that I'm not the only
one up at this time of night time of
morning I also wanna give a shout out to
Mike and Andy for hitting 430 Mike and
Andy I don't know I don't know they
weekly vlog or they just flog every
couple of days but they're getting ready
to beta-test
daily vlogging and so check them out
their fellow full screeners newlyweds
been vlogging for over a year now and
also a shout out to Eric TV 365 for
making up his own challenge I didn't
realize how big these were and the
picture didn't give it justice cuz you
know picture can be deceiving but when
he said it's a one pound peppermint
patty
he tried eating two of these things and
like you know as fast as he could I
don't know a time when he was he was
shooting for I think he was shooting for
a minute but they're huge like 1 pound
Patty's so Eric TV 365 today's video
should have that challenge and their so
check it out
got a couple GTA 5 videos in the in the
editing slot I'll hopefully get those
edited today and so those of you up on
clintusgames very very soon I know that
you guys have been requesting that and
got a couple good ones got a couple good
ones got to admit I probably that's to
GTA 5 videos that I've made so look
forward to that if you're clintusgames
fan even close to two years guys March
31st was the first day I started
shooting for the daily vlogs so April
1st is the first video that I posted and
so we're getting close to that very
excited I don't know what I'm gonna do
yet maybe we'll do a long long live show
hey we'll do a meet-up
here in Arizona I don't know we'll see
alright guys blog on